Feature/website sponsor text (#57)
djangocon/2019.djangocon.eu: hugo_site/content/sponsors.md

**Networking** If you want to stand out from the crowd with your company, network and seek new potential collaborations and partners, DjangoCon Europe is the place to be. Also, with most sponsor packages are tickets included and your employees will, therefore, attend a conference with valuable education from talks and workshops.

## What does your money go to?

We have made a large sponsorship menu to invite all to contribute and to give you the opportunity to customise your support. The list of expenses for the event is long and the list does not include items that are not important to run the event. Here is an insight:

 * venue rental
 * technical equipment
 * catering (locally produced)
 * financial assistance program
 * video recording of talks
 * live speech-to-text transcription of all talks
 * free child care for our attendees and their children
 * ...

> Anything left over money after the conference is administrated by the organisation Django Denmark and will be used for future non-profit open source events. As it is seen before after other DjangoCon events, we expect the Scandinavian region to be more active with community events in the wake of this event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are profits from the conference, they are administrated by the registered Danish association [Django Denmark](https://django-denmark.org/), whose purpose is to serve open source Django communities in the Nordic region and in economically marginalized countries. We expect the Nordic region to be more active with community events in the wake of this event.
```

Author: @benjaoming good stuff!
